Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. The best way toxxxxxxxxpredict the future is to invent it.xxxxxxxx-- Alan Kayxxxxxxxx
Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it)xxxxxxxxin programming.xxxxxxxx-- Donald Knuthxxxxxxxx
Lisp has jokingly been called "the most intelligent way to misuse axxxxxxxxcomputer". I think that description is a great compliment because itxxxxxxxxtransmits the full flavor of liberation: it has assisted a number of ourxxxxxxxxmost gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts.xxxxxxxx-- Edsger Dijkstra, CACM, 15:10xxxxxxxx
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small peoplexxxxxxxxalways do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, canxxxxxxxxbecome great.xxxxxxxx-- Mark Twainxxxxxxxx
What Paul does, and does very well, is to take ideas and concepts thatxxxxxxxxare beautiful in the abstract, and brings them down to a real worldxxxxxxxxlevel. That's a rare talent to find in writing these days.xxxxxxxx-- Jeff "hemos" Bates, Director, OSDN; Co-evolver, Slashdotxxxxxxxx
Since programmers create programs out of nothing, imagination is ourxxxxxxxxonly limitation. Thus, in the world of programming, the hero is the onexxxxxxxxwho has great vision. Paul Graham is one of our contemporary heroes. Hexxxxxxxxhas the ability to embrace the vision, and to express it plainly. Hisxxxxxxxxworks are my favorites, especially the ones describing language design.xxxxxxxxHe explains secrets of programming, languages, and human nature that canxxxxxxxxonly be learned from the hacker experience. This book shows you hisxxxxxxxxgreat vision, and tells you the truth about the nature of hacking.xxxxxxxx-- Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto, creator of Rubyxxxxxxxx
To follow the path:xxxxxxxxlook to the master,xxxxxxxxfollow the master,xxxxxxxxwalk with the master,xxxxxxxxsee through the master,xxxxxxxxbecome the master.xxxxxxxx-- Modern zen Poemxxxxxxxx
No problem should ever have to be solved twice.xxxxxxxx-- Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hackerxxxxxxxx
Attitude is no substitute for competence.xxxxxxxx-- Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hackerxxxxxxxx
It is said that the real winner is the one who lives in today but ablexxxxxxxxto see tomorrow.xxxxxxxx-- Juan Meng, Reviewing "The future of ideas" by Lawrence Lessigxxxxxxxx
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it.xxxxxxxxGeniuses remove it.xxxxxxxx-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)xxxxxxxx
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe inxxxxxxxxGod.xxxxxxxx-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)xxxxxxxx
Dealing with failure is easy: Work hard to improve. Success is also easyxxxxxxxxto handle: You've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve.xxxxxxxx-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programmi ng)xxxxxxxx
Within a computer natural language is unnatural.xxxxxxxx-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)xxxxxxxx
You think you know when you learn, are more sure when you can write,xxxxxxxxeven more when you can teach, but certain when you can program.xxxxxxxx-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)xxxxxxxx
Adapting old programs to fit new machines usually means adapting newxxxxxxxxmachines to behave like old ones.xxxxxxxx-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)xxxxxxxx
A little learning is a dangerous thing.xxxxxxxx-- Alexander Popexxxxxxxx
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer anyxxxxxxxxmore than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expertxxxxxxxxpainter.xxxxxxxx-- Eric Raymondxxxxxxxx
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature,xxxxxxxxbecause God is not capricious or arbitrary.xxxxxxxx-- Frederick P. Brooks, No Sliver Bullet.xxxxxxxx
Students should be evaluated on how well they can achieve the goals theyxxxxxxxxstrived to achieve within a realistic context. Students need to learn toxxxxxxxxdo things, not know things.xxxxxxxx-- Roger Schank, Engines for Educationxxxxxxxx
We remember what we learn when we care about performing better and whenxxxxxxxxwe believe that what we have been asked to do is representative ofxxxxxxxxreality.xxxxxxxx-- Roger Schank, Engines for Educationxxxxxxxx
There really is no learning without doing.xxxxxxxx-- Roger Schank, Engines for Educationxxxxxxxx
We really have to get over the idea that some stuff is just worthxxxxxxxxknowing even if you never do anything with it. Human memories happilyxxxxxxxxerase stuff that has no purpose, so why try to fill up children's headsxxxxxxxxwith such stuff?xxxxxxxx-- Roger Schank, Engines for Educationxxxxxxxx
La tactique, c'est ce que vous faites quand il y a quelque chose àxxxxxxxxfaire; la stratégie, c'est ce que vous faites quand il n'y a rien àxxxxxxxxfaire.xxxxxxxx-- Xavier Tartacoverxxxxxxxx
The only problems we can really solve in a satisfactory manner are thosexxxxxxxxthat finally admit a nicely factored solution.xxxxxxxx-- E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programmerxxxxxxxx
The best way to learn to live with our limitations is to know them.xxxxxxxx--E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programmerxxxxxxxx
This challenge, viz. the confrontation with the programming task, is soxxxxxxxxunique that this novel experience can teach us a lot about ourselves. Itxxxxxxxxshould deepen our understanding of the processes of design and creation,xxxxxxxxit should give us better control over the task of organizing ourxxxxxxxxthoughts. If it did not do so, to my taste we should no deserve thexxxxxxxxcomputer at all!  It has allready taught us a few lessons, and the one Ixxxxxxxxhave chosen to stress in this talk is the following. We shall do a muchxxxxxxxxbetter programming job, provided that we approach the task with a fullxxxxxxxxappreciation of its tremenduous difficulty, provided that we stick toxxxxxxxxmodest and elegant programming languages, provided that we respect thexxxxxxxxintrinsec limitations of the human mind and approach the task as VeryxxxxxxxxHumble Programmers.xxxxxxxx-- E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programmerxxxxxxxx
Ce n'est que par les relations qu'on entretient entre nos différentesxxxxxxxxconnaissances qu'elles nous restent accessibles.xxxxxxxx-- Shnuup, sur l'hypertexte (SELFHTML -> Introduction -> Definitions sur l'hypertexte)xxxxxxxx
We now come to the decisive step of mathematical abstraction: we forgetxxxxxxxxabout what the symbols stand for. ...[The mathematician] need not bexxxxxxxxidle; there are many operations which he may carry out with thesexxxxxxxxsymbols, without ever having to look at the things they stand for.xxxxxxxx-- Hermann Weyl, The Mathematical Way of Thinkingxxxxxxxx
An expert is, according to my working definition "someone who doesn'txxxxxxxxneed to look up answers to easy questions".xxxxxxxx-- Eric Lippert.xxxxxxxx
The programmer must seek both perfection of part and adequacy ofxxxxxxxxcollection.xxxxxxxx-- Alan J. Perlisxxxxxxxx
Thus, programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentallyxxxxxxxxfor machines to execute.xxxxxxxx-- Alan J. Perlisxxxxxxxx
We control complexity by building abstractions that hide details whenxxxxxxxxappropriate. We control complexity by establishing conventionalxxxxxxxxinterfaces that enable us to construct systems by combining standard,xxxxxxxxwell-understood pieces in a ``mix and match'' way. We control complexityxxxxxxxxby establishing new languages for describing a design, each of whichxxxxxxxxemphasizes particular aspects of the design and deemphasizes others.xxxxxxxx-- Alan J. Perlisxxxxxxxx
The acts of the mind, wherein it exerts its power over simple ideas, arexxxxxxxxchiefly these three: 1. Combining several simple ideas into one compoundxxxxxxxxone, and thus all complex ideas are made. 2. The second is bringing twoxxxxxxxxideas, whether simple or complex, together, and setting them by onexxxxxxxxanother so as to take a view of them at once, without uniting them intoxxxxxxxxone, by which it gets all its ideas of relations. 3. The third isxxxxxxxxseparating them from all other ideas that accompany them in their realxxxxxxxxexistence: this is called abstraction, and thus all its general ideasxxxxxxxxare made.xxxxxxxx-- John Locke, An Essay Concerning Human Understanding (1690)xxxxxxxx
Lisp programmers know the value of everything but the cost of nothing.xxxxxxxx-- Alan J. Perlisxxxxxxxx
An interpreter raises the machine to the level of the user program; axxxxxxxxcompiler lowers the user program to the level of the machine language.xxxxxxxx-- SICPxxxxxxxx
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler.xxxxxxxx-- Albert Einsteinxxxxxxxx
The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed inxxxxxxxxfive words: "I did not have time."xxxxxxxx-- WestHost weekly newsletter 14 Feb 2003xxxxxxxx
When your enemy is making a very serious mistake, don't be impolite andxxxxxxxxdisturb him.xxxxxxxx-- Napoleon Bonaparte (allegedly)xxxxxxxx
A charlatan makes obscure what is clear; a thinker makes clear what isxxxxxxxxobscure.xxxxxxxx-- Hugh Kingsmillxxxxxxxx
There are two ways of constructing a software design; one way is to makexxxxxxxxit so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other wayxxxxxxxxis to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. Thexxxxxxxxfirst method is far more difficult.xxxxxxxx-- C. A. R. Hoarexxxxxxxx
And if you go too far up, abstraction-wise, you run out of oxygen.xxxxxxxxSometimes smart thinkers just don't know when to stop, and they createxxxxxxxxthese absurd, all-encompassing, high-level pictures of the universe thatxxxxxxxxare all good and fine, but don't actually mean anything at all.xxxxxxxx-- Joel Spolsky		xxxxxxxx
The three chief virtues of a programmer are: Laziness, Impatience andxxxxxxxxHubris.xxxxxxxx-- Larry Wall (Programming Perl)xxxxxxxx
All non-trivial abstractions, to some degree, are leaky.xxxxxxxx-- Joel Spolsky (The Law of Leaky Abstractions)xxxxxxxx
XML wasn't designed to be edited by humans on a regular basis.xxxxxxxx-- Guido van Rossumxxxxxxxx
Premature abstraction is an equally grevious sin as prematurexxxxxxxxoptimization.xxxxxxxx-- Keith Devensxxxxxxxx
You can have premature generalization as well as premature optimization.xxxxxxxx-- Bjarne Stroustrupxxxxxxxx
He causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain onxxxxxxxxthe righteous and the unrighteous.xxxxxxxx-- Matthew 5:45xxxxxxxx
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming, isxxxxxxxxnot worth knowing.xxxxxxxx-- Alan Perlisxxxxxxxx
Je n'ai fait celle-ci plus longue que parce que je n'ai pas eu le loisirxxxxxxxxde la faire plus courte. (I have made this letter so long only because Ixxxxxxxxdid not have the leisure to make it shorter.)xxxxxxxx-- Blaise Pascal (Lettres Provinciales)xxxxxxxx
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it fromxxxxxxxxreligious conviction.xxxxxxxx-- Blaise Pascal (attributed)xxxxxxxx
Everybody makes their own fun. If you don't make it yourself, it ain'txxxxxxxxfun -- it's entertainment.xxxxxxxx-- David Mamet (as relayed by Joss Whedon)xxxxxxxx
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as *linesxxxxxxxxproduced* but as *lines spent*.xxxxxxxx-- Edsger Dijkstra		xxxxxxxx
Sometimes a man with too broad a perspective reveals himself as havingxxxxxxxxno real perspective at all. A man who tries too hard to see every sidexxxxxxxxmay be a man who is trying to avoid choosing any side. A man who triesxxxxxxxxtoo hard to seek a deeper truth may be trying to hide from the truth hexxxxxxxxalready knows.  That is not a sign of intellectual sophistication andxxxxxxxx"great thinking". It is a demonstration of moral degeneracy andxxxxxxxxcowardice.xxxxxxxx-- Steven Den Bestexxxxxxxx
Omit needless words.xxxxxxxx-- William Strunk, Jr. (The Elements of Style)xxxxxxxx
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something fromxxxxxxxxhim.xxxxxxxx-- Galileo Galileixxxxxxxx
A society that puts equality -- in the sense of equality of outcome --xxxxxxxxahead of freedom will end up with neither equality nor freedom. The usexxxxxxxxof force to achieve equality will destroy freedom, and the force,xxxxxxxxintroduced for good purposes, will end up in the hands of people who usexxxxxxxxit to promote their own interests.xxxxxxxx-- Milton Friedman (Thomas Sowell: A Conflict of Visions, p130)xxxxxxxx
Philosophy: the finding of bad reasons for what one believes byxxxxxxxxinstinct.xxxxxxxx-- Brave New World (paraphrased)xxxxxxxx
Of all tyrannies a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of itsxxxxxxxxvictims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live underxxxxxxxxrobber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies, The robber baron'sxxxxxxxxcruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated;xxxxxxxxbut those who torment us for own good will torment us without end, forxxxxxxxxthey do so with the approval of their own conscience.xxxxxxxx-- C.S. Lewisxxxxxxxx
Fools! Don't they know that tears are a woman's most effective weapon?xxxxxxxx-- Catwoman (The Batman TV Series, episode 83)xxxxxxxx
It's like a condom; I'd rather have it and not need it than need it andxxxxxxxxnot have it.xxxxxxxx-- some chick in Alien vs. Predator, when asked why shexxxxxxxxalways carries a gunxxxxxxxx
C++ is history repeated as tragedy. Java is history repeated as farce.xxxxxxxx-- Scott McKayxxxxxxxx
Simplicity takes effort-- genius, even.xxxxxxxx-- Paul Grahamxxxxxxxx
Show, don't tell.xxxxxxxx-- unknownxxxxxxxx
In God I trust; I will not be afraid. What can mortal man do to me?xxxxxxxx-- David (Psalm 56:4)xxxxxxxx
Linux is only free if your time has no value.xxxxxxxx-- Jamie Zawinskixxxxxxxx
Code is poetry.xxxxxxxx-- wordpress.orgxxxxxxxx
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.xxxxxxxx-- Rush (Freewill)xxxxxxxx
Civilization advances by extending the number of important operationsxxxxxxxxwhich we can perform without thinking about them.xxxxxxxx-- Alfred North Whitehead (Introduction to Mathematics)		xxxxxxxx
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.xxxxxxxx-- Ciceroxxxxxxxx
The reason to do animation is caricature. Good caricature picks out thexxxxxxxxessense of the statement and removes everything else. It's not simplyxxxxxxxxabout reproducing reality; It's about bumping it up.xxxxxxxx-- Brad Bird, writer and director, The Incrediblesxxxxxxxx
Mistakes were made.xxxxxxxx-- Ronald Reaganxxxxxxxx
I would rather be an optimist and be wrong than a pessimist who provesxxxxxxxxto be right. The former sometimes wins, but never the latter.xxxxxxxx-- "Hoots"xxxxxxxx
What is truth?xxxxxxxx-- Pontius Pilatexxxxxxxx
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in axxxxxxxxwhile, you could miss it.xxxxxxxx-- Ferris Buellerxxxxxxxx
Lisp is worth learning for the profound enlightenment experience youxxxxxxxxwill have when you finally get it; that experience will make you axxxxxxxxbetter programmer for the rest of your days, even if you never actuallyxxxxxxxxuse Lisp itself a lot.xxxxxxxx-- Eric S. Raymondxxxxxxxx
Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad hoc,xxxxxxxxinformally specified, bug-ridden, slow implementation of half of CommonxxxxxxxxLisp.xxxxxxxx-- Philip Greenspun (Greenspun's Tenth Rule)xxxxxxxx
I was talking recently to a friend who teaches at MIT. His field is hotxxxxxxxxnow and every year he is inundated by applications from would-bexxxxxxxxgraduate students. "A lot of them seem smart," he said. "What I can'txxxxxxxxtell is whether they have any kind of taste."xxxxxxxx-- Paul Grahamxxxxxxxx
The direct pursuit of happiness is a recipe for an unhappy life.xxxxxxxx-- Donald Campbellxxxxxxxx
It's no trick for talented people to be interesting, but it's a gift toxxxxxxxxbe interested. We want an organization filled with interested people.xxxxxxxx-- Randy S. Nelson (dean of Pixar University)xxxxxxxx
Why teach drawing to accountants? Because drawing class doesn't justxxxxxxxxteach people to draw. It teaches them to be more observant. There's noxxxxxxxxcompany on earth that wouldn't benefit from having people become morexxxxxxxxobservant.xxxxxxxx-- Randy S. Nelson (dean of Pixar University)xxxxxxxx
All problems in computer science can be solved by another level ofxxxxxxxxindirection.xxxxxxxx-- Butler Lampson	xxxxxxxx
A designer knows he has arrived at perfection not when there is noxxxxxxxxlonguer anything to add, but when there is no longuer anything to takexxxxxxxxaway.xxxxxxxx-- Antoine de St Exupery.xxxxxxxx
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doingxxxxxxxxthem.xxxxxxxx-- Aristotle.xxxxxxxx
There are many ways to avoid success in life, but the most sure-firexxxxxxxxjust might be procrastination.xxxxxxxx-- Hara Estroff Marano.xxxxxxxx
PI seconds is a nanocentury.xxxxxxxx-- [fact]xxxxxxxx
While I’ve always appreciated beautiful code, I share Jonathans concernxxxxxxxxabout studying it too much. I think studying beauty in music andxxxxxxxxpainting has led us to modern classical music and painting that thexxxxxxxxmajority of us just don’t get. Beauty can be seen when it emerges, butxxxxxxxxisn’t something to strive for in isolation of a larger context. In thexxxxxxxxsoftware world, the larger context would be the utility of the softwarexxxxxxxxto the end user.xxxxxxxx-- [A comment on a blog]xxxxxxxx
Dont give users the opportunity to lock themselves.xxxxxxxx-- unknownxxxxxxxx
Any fool can make the simple complex, only a smart person can make thexxxxxxxxcomplex simple.xxxxxxxx-- unknownxxxxxxxx
To do something well you have to love it. So to the extent you canxxxxxxxxpreserve hacking as something you love, you're likely to do it well. Tryxxxxxxxxto keep the sense of wonder you had about programming at age 14. Ifxxxxxxxxyou're worried that your current job is rotting your brain, it probablyxxxxxxxxis.xxxxxxxx-- Paul Graham.xxxxxxxx
- If you give him a penny for his thoughts, you'd get change.xxxxxxxx- Not the sharpest knife in the drawer.xxxxxxxx- A prime candidate for natural deselection.xxxxxxxx-- [Ideas for flamewars]xxxxxxxx
What I didn't understand was that the value of some new acquisitionxxxxxxxxwasn't the difference between its retail price and what I paid for it.xxxxxxxxIt was the value I derived from it. Stuff is an extremely illiquidxxxxxxxxasset. Unless you have some plan for selling that valuable thing you gotxxxxxxxxso cheaply, what difference does it make what it's "worth?" The only wayxxxxxxxxyou're ever going to extract any value from it is to use it. And if youxxxxxxxxdon't have any immediate use for it, you probably never will.xxxxxxxx-- Paul Grahamxxxxxxxx
Only bad designers blame their failings on the users.xxxxxxxx-- unknownxxxxxxxx
Humans aren't rational -- they rationalize. And I don't just mean "somexxxxxxxxof them" or "other people". I'm talking about everyone. We have a "logicxxxxxxxxengine" in our brains, but for the most part, it's not the one in thexxxxxxxxdriver's seat -- instead it operates after the fact, generatingxxxxxxxxrationalizations and excuses for our behavior.xxxxxxxx-- Paul Buchheitxxxxxxxx
What do Americans look for in a car? I've heard many answers when I'vexxxxxxxxasked this question. The answers include excellent safety ratings, greatxxxxxxxxgas mileage, handling, and cornering ability, among others. I don'txxxxxxxxbelieve any of these. That's because the first principle of the CulturexxxxxxxxCode is that the only effective way to understand what people truly meanxxxxxxxxis to ignore what they say. This is not to suggest that peoplexxxxxxxxintentionally lie or misrepresent themselves. What it means is that,xxxxxxxxwhen asked direct questions about their interests and preferences,xxxxxxxxpeople tend to give answers they believe the questioner wants to hear.xxxxxxxxAgain, this is not because they intend to mislead. It is because peoplexxxxxxxxrespond to these questions with their cortexes, the parts of theirxxxxxxxxbrains that control intelligence rather than emotion or instinct. Theyxxxxxxxxponder a question, they process a question, and when they deliver anxxxxxxxxanswer, it is the product of deliberation. They believe they are tellingxxxxxxxxthe truth. A lie detector would confirm this. In most cases, however,xxxxxxxxthey aren't saying what they mean.xxxxxxxx-- The culture code.xxxxxxxx
When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.xxxxxxxx-- unknownxxxxxxxx
Good coders code, great reuse.xxxxxxxx-- http://www.catonmat.netxxxxxxxx
The lesson of the story might appear to be that self-interested andxxxxxxxxambitious people in power are often the cause of wastefulness inxxxxxxxxdeveloping countries. But self-interested and ambitious people are inxxxxxxxxpositions of power, great and small, all over the world. In many places,xxxxxxxxthey are restrained by the law, the press, and democratic opposition.xxxxxxxxCameroon's tragedy is that there is nothing to hold self-interest inxxxxxxxxcheck.xxxxxxxx-- Tim Harfordxxxxxxxx
To solve your problems you must learn new skills, adapt new thoughtxxxxxxxxpatterns, and become a different person than you were before thatxxxxxxxxproblem.  God has crafted you for success. In the middle of everyxxxxxxxxadversity lie your best opportunities. Discover it, build upon it andxxxxxxxxmove forward in your journey to live an extraordinary life.  You owe itxxxxxxxxto yourself to live a great life. Don’t let negative thoughts pull youxxxxxxxxdown. Be grateful and open to learn and grow.xxxxxxxx-- http://secretsofstudying.com/xxxxxxxx
If there is a will, there is a way.xxxxxxxx-- unknownxxxxxxxx
Having large case statements in an object-oriented language is a surexxxxxxxxsign your design is flawed.xxxxxxxx-- [Fixing architecture flaws in Rails' ORM]xxxxxxxx
Being a programmer is the same way. The only way to be a good programmerxxxxxxxxis to write code. When you realize you haven't been writing much codexxxxxxxxlately, and it seems like all you do is brag about code you wrote in thexxxxxxxxpast, and people start looking at you funny while you're shooting yourxxxxxxxxmouth off, realize it's because they know. They might not even know theyxxxxxxxxknow, but they know. So, yes, doing what you love brings success, and byxxxxxxxxall means, throw yourself a nice big party, buy yourself a nice car,xxxxxxxxsoak up the adulation of an adoring crowd. Then shut the fuck up and getxxxxxxxxback to work.xxxxxxxx-- Sincerity Theoryxxxxxxxx
Another feature about this guy is his low threshold of boredom. He'llxxxxxxxxpick up on a task and work frantically at it, accomplishing wonders in axxxxxxxxshort time and then get bored and drop it before its properly finished.xxxxxxxxHe'll do nothing but strum his guitar and lie around in bed for severalxxxxxxxxdays after.  Thats also part of the pattern too; periods of freneticxxxxxxxxactivity followed by periods of melancholia, withdrawal and inactivity.xxxxxxxxThis is a bipolar personality.xxxxxxxx-- The bipolar lisp programmerxxxxxxxx
My dream is that people adopt it on its own merits. We're not trying toxxxxxxxxbend Ruby on Rails to fit the enterprise, we're encouraging enterprisesxxxxxxxxto bend to Ruby on Rails. Come if you like it, stay away if you don't.xxxxxxxxWe're not going head over heels to accommodate the enterprise or to lurexxxxxxxxthem away from Java. That's how you end up with Java, if you startxxxxxxxxbending to special interest groups.xxxxxxxx-- David Heinemeier Hansson (Ruby On Rails' creator)xxxxxxxx
New eyes have X-ray vision.  [someone that hasn't written it is morexxxxxxxxlikely to spot the bug. "someone" can be you after a break]xxxxxxxx-- William S. Annisxxxxxxxx
So - what are the most important problems in software engineering? I’dxxxxxxxxanswer “dealing with complexity”.xxxxxxxx-- Mark Chu-Carrollxxxxxxxx
So the mere constraint of staying in regular contact with us will pushxxxxxxxxyou to make things happen, because otherwise you'll be embarrassed toxxxxxxxxtell us that you haven't done anything new since the last time wexxxxxxxxtalked.xxxxxxxx-- Paul Graham (a talk at Y Combinator, for startup creators).xxxxxxxx
The choice of the university is mostly important for the piece of paperxxxxxxxxyou get at the end. The education you get depends on you.xxxxxxxx-- Andreas Zwinkauxxxxxxxx
Remember that you are humans in the first place and only after thatxxxxxxxxprogrammers.xxxxxxxx-- Alexandru Vanceaxxxxxxxx
Humans differ from animals to the degree that they are not merely an endxxxxxxxxresult of their conditioning, but are able to reflect on theirxxxxxxxxexperiences and strategies, and apply insight to make changes in the wayxxxxxxxxthey live to modify the outcome.xxxxxxxx-- SlideTrombone (comment on "Programming can ruin your life")xxxxxxxx
As builders and creators finding the perfect solution should not be ourxxxxxxxxmain goal. We should find the perfect problem.xxxxxxxx-- Isaac (blog comment)xxxxxxxx
Just like carpentry, measure twice cut once.xxxxxxxx-- Super-sizing YouTube with Python (Mike Solomon, mike@youtube.com)xxxxxxxx
The good thing about reinventing the wheel is that you get a round one.xxxxxxxx-- Douglas Crockford (Author of JSON and JsLint)xxxxxxxx
I feel it is everybodies obligation to reach for the best in themselvesxxxxxxxxand use that for the interest of mankind.xxxxxxxx-- Corneluis (comment on 'Are you going to change the world? (Really?)')xxxxxxxx
Abstraction is a form of data compression: absolutely necessary, becausexxxxxxxxhuman short-term memory is so small, but the critically important aspectxxxxxxxxof abstraction is the algorithm that gets you from the name back to thexxxxxxxx"uncompressed" details.xxxxxxxx-- Bruce Wilder (blog post comment)xxxxxxxx
Have you ever noticed that when you sit down to write something, halfxxxxxxxxthe ideas that end up in it are ones you thought of while writing it?xxxxxxxxThe same thing happens with software. Working to implement one ideaxxxxxxxxgives you more ideas.xxxxxxxx-- Paul Graham, The other road ahead.xxxxxxxx
In general, we can think of data as defined by some collection ofxxxxxxxxselectors and constructors, together with specified conditions thatxxxxxxxxthese procedures must fulfill in order to be a valid representation.xxxxxxxx-- SICP, What is meant by data?xxxxxxxx
Resume writing is just like dating, or applying for a bank loan, in thatxxxxxxxxnobody wants you if you're desperate.xxxxxxxx-- Steve Yegge.xxxxxxxx
Mastering isn’t a survival instinct; it’s an urge to excel. Mastering isxxxxxxxxone of the experiences that delineates us from animals. It is strivingxxxxxxxxto be more tomorrow than we are today; to perfectly pitch the ball overxxxxxxxxhome plate; to craft the perfect sentence in an article; to open thexxxxxxxxoven and feel the warm, richly-scented cloud telling you dinner is goingxxxxxxxxto be absolutely extraordinary. We humans crave perfection, to bexxxxxxxxmasters of our domain, to distinguish ourselves by sheer skill andxxxxxxxxprowess.xxxxxxxx-- Joesgoals.comxxxxxxxx
It(mastering)’s knowing what you are doing.xxxxxxxx-- Joesgoals.comxxxxxxxx
Well then. How could you possibly live without automated refactoringxxxxxxxxtools? How else could you coordinate the caterpillar-like motions of allxxxxxxxxJava’s identical tiny legs, its thousands of similar parts?xxxxxxxxI’ll tell you how:xxxxxxxxRuby is a butterfly.xxxxxxxx-- Stevey, Refactoring Trilogy, Part 1.xxxxxxxx
You will never become a Great Programmer until you acknowledge that youxxxxxxxxwill always be a Terrible Programmer.xxxxxxxxYou will remain a Great Programmer for only as long as you acknowledgexxxxxxxxthat you are still a Terrible Programmer.xxxxxxxx-- Marc (http://kickin-the-darkness.blogspot.com/)xxxxxxxx
If I tell you I'm good, you would probably think I'm boasting. If I tellxxxxxxxxyou I'm no good, you know I'm lying.xxxxxxxx-- Bruce Leexxxxxxxx
Let me try to get this straight: Lisp is a language for describingxxxxxxxxalgorithms. This was JohnMcCarthy's original purpose, anyway: to buildxxxxxxxxsomething more convenient than a Turing machine. Lisp is not about file,xxxxxxxxsocket or GUI programming - Lisp is about expressive power. (Forxxxxxxxxexample, you can design multiple object systems for Lisp, in Lisp. Orxxxxxxxximplement the now-fashionable AOP. Or do arbitrary transformations onxxxxxxxxparsed source code.) If you don't value expressive power, Lisp ain't forxxxxxxxxyou. I, personally, would prefer Lisp to not become mainstream: thisxxxxxxxxwould necessarily involve a dumbing down.xxxxxxxx-- VladimirSlepnevxxxxxxxx
Je ne vous impose aucune contrainte, aucune limite. Surprenez-moi,xxxxxxxxétonnez-moi, défiez-moi, défiez-vous vous-même. Vous avez le choix: vousxxxxxxxxpouvez rester dans l'ombre ou en sortir en étant parmis les trop raresxxxxxxxxexceptions à avoir réussi. L'heure est venue d'aller bien au delà dexxxxxxxxvotre potentiel. L'heure est venue maintenant de descendre vraiment enxxxxxxxxvous. L'heure est venue de démontrer pourquoi vous êtes l'élite, lesxxxxxxxxquelques élus, les rares lueurs qui offrent à cette compagnie sonxxxxxxxxcaractère exceptionnel, sa luminescence.xxxxxxxx-- Le PDG de NURV, dans "Anti-trust".xxxxxxxx
If something isn’t working, you need to look back and figure out whatxxxxxxxxgot you excited in the first place.xxxxxxxx-- David Gorman (ImThere.com)xxxxxxxx
Opportunities that present themselves to you are the consequence -- atxxxxxxxxleast partially -- of being in the right place at the right time. Theyxxxxxxxxtend to present themselves when you're not expecting it -- and oftenxxxxxxxxwhen you are engaged in other activities that would seem to preclude youxxxxxxxxfrom pursuing them. And they come and go quickly -- if you don't jumpxxxxxxxxall over an opportunity, someone else generally will and it will vanish.xxxxxxxx-- Marc Andreessen (http://blog.pmarca.com/)xxxxxxxx
Pay attention to opportunity cost at all times. Doing one thing meansxxxxxxxxnot doing other things. This is a form of risk that is very easy toxxxxxxxxignore, to your detriment.xxxxxxxx-- Marc Andreessen (http://blog.pmarca.com/)xxxxxxxx
Seize any opportunity, or anything that looks like opportunity. They arexxxxxxxxrare, much rarer than you think...xxxxxxxx-- Nassim Nicholas Taleb, "The Black Swan".xxxxxxxx
I think that a lot of programmers are ignoring an important point whenxxxxxxxxpeople talk about reducing code repetition on large projects.xxxxxxxxPart of the idea is that large projects are intrinsically *wrong*. Thatxxxxxxxxyou should be looking at making a number of smaller projects that arexxxxxxxxcomposable, even if you never end up reusing one of those smallerxxxxxxxxprojects elsewhere.xxxxxxxx-- Dan Nugentxxxxxxxx
We tend to seek easy, single-factor explanations of success. For mostxxxxxxxximportant things, though, success actually requires avoiding manyxxxxxxxxseparate causes of failure.xxxxxxxx-- Jared Diamondxxxxxxxx
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things whichxxxxxxxxmatter least.xxxxxxxx-- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe (1749-1832)xxxxxxxx
I think the root of your mistake is saying that macros don't scale toxxxxxxxxlarger groups. The real truth is that macros don't scale to stupiderxxxxxxxxgroups.xxxxxxxx-- Paul Graham, on the Lightweight Languages mailing list.xxxxxxxx
Argue with idiots, and you become an idiot.xxxxxxxxIf you compete with slaves you become a slave.xxxxxxxx-- Paul Graham and Norbert Weiner, respectivelyxxxxxxxx
Always dive down into a problem and get your hands on the deepest issuexxxxxxxxbehind the problem. All other considerations are to dismissed asxxxxxxxx"engineering details"; they can be sorted out after the basic problemxxxxxxxxhas been solved.xxxxxxxx-- Chris Crawfordxxxxxxxx
Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.xxxxxxxx-- Alan Perlisxxxxxxxx
It is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt axe. It is equallyxxxxxxxxvain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead. xxxxxxxx-- Edsger Dijkstraxxxxxxxx
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as linesxxxxxxxxproduced but as lines spent.xxxxxxxx-- Edsger Dijkstraxxxxxxxx
The most damaging phrase in the language is, It's always been done thatxxxxxxxxway.xxxxxxxx-- Rear Admiral Grace Hopperxxxxxxxx
Getting back to failing early, I've learned it's important to completelyxxxxxxxxfail. Get fired. Shoot the project, then burn its corpse. Melt the CVSxxxxxxxxrepository and microwave the backup CDs. When things go wrong, I'vexxxxxxxxoften tried to play the hero from start to finish. Guess what? Somexxxxxxxxprojects are doomed no matter what. Some need skills I don't possess.xxxxxxxxAnd some need a fresh face.xxxxxxxx-- Reginald Braithwaitexxxxxxxx
The only thing a man should ever be 100% convinced of is his ownxxxxxxxxignorance.xxxxxxxx-- DJ MacLeanxxxxxxxx
The best people and organizations have the attitude of wisdom: Thexxxxxxxxcourage to act on what they know right now and the humility to changexxxxxxxxcourse when they find better evidence.xxxxxxxxThe quest for management magic and breakthrough ideas is overrated;xxxxxxxxbeing a master of the obvious is underrated.xxxxxxxxJim Maloney is right: Work is an overrated activityxxxxxxxx-- Bob Suttonxxxxxxxx
In theory, there’s no difference between theory and practice. But inxxxxxxxxpractice, there is.xxxxxxxx-- Albert Einsteinxxxxxxxx
Act from reason, and failure makes you rethink and study harder.xxxxxxxxAct from faith, and failure makes you blame someone and push harder.xxxxxxxx--  Erik Naggumxxxxxxxx
Measure everything you can about the product, and you'll start seeingxxxxxxxxpatterns.xxxxxxxx-- Max Levchin, PayPal founder, Talk at StartupSchool2007xxxxxxxx
Something Confusing about "Hard":xxxxxxxxIt's tempting to think that if it's hard, then it's valuable.xxxxxxxxMost valuable things are hard.xxxxxxxxMost hard things are completely useless -- (picture of someone smashingxxxxxxxxtheir head through concrete blocks kung-fu style).xxxxxxxxHard DOES NOT EQUATE TO BEING valuable.xxxxxxxxRemember Friendster back in the day?xxxxxxxxYou'd sign in, invite friends, have 25 friends, go to their profile, andxxxxxxxxthen it'd show how you were connected to each one.xxxxxxxxThat's an impressive [some geeky CS jargon] Cone traversal of a tree -xxxxxxxx100 million string comparisons per page -- it won't scale.xxxxxxxxUsed to take a minute per page to load, and Friendster died a painfulxxxxxxxxdeath.xxxxxxxxMySpace -- not interested in solving problemsxxxxxxxxThey use the shortcut of "Miss Fitzpatrick is in your extended network"xxxxxxxx(i.e. even when you're not even signed up for MySpace)xxxxxxxxThey didn't solve the hard problem. But they make the more relevantxxxxxxxxassumption that you want to be connected to hot women. [LOL]xxxxxxxxShows Alexa graph showing that in early 2005 Myspace took off, andxxxxxxxxquickly bypassed Friendster and never looked back.xxxxxxxx-- Max Levchin, PayPal founder, Talk at StartupSchool2007xxxxxxxx
Quality of the people is better than the quality of the business idea.xxxxxxxxCrappy people can screw up the best idea in the world.xxxxxxxx-- Hadi Partovi & Ali Partovi (iLike.com), Talk at StartupSchool2007xxxxxxxx
The only constant in the world of hi-tech is change.xxxxxxxx-- Mark Wardxxxxxxxx
Write it properly first. It's easier to make a correct program fast,xxxxxxxxthan to make a fast program correct.xxxxxxxx-- http://www.cpax.org.uk/prg/xxxxxxxx
J'ai toujours préféré la folie des passions à la sagesse dexxxxxxxxl'indifférence.xxxxxxxx-- Anatole Francexxxxxxxx
You can’t get to version 500 if you don’t start with a version 1.xxxxxxxx-- BetterExplained.comxxxxxxxx
The wonderful and frustrating thing about understanding yourself is thatxxxxxxxxnobody can do it for you.xxxxxxxx-- BetterExplained.comxxxxxxxx
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, howeverxxxxxxxximprobable, must be the truth.xxxxxxxx-- Sherlock Holmesxxxxxxxx
In order to understand what another person is saying, you must assumexxxxxxxxthat it is true and try to find out what it could be true of.xxxxxxxx-- George Millerxxxxxxxx
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.xxxxxxxx-- Lao­Tzuxxxxxxxx
C’s great for what it’s great for.xxxxxxxx-- Ben Hoyts (micropledge)xxxxxxxx
There is one meaning [for static in C]: a global variable that isxxxxxxxxinvisible outside the current scope, be it a function or a file.xxxxxxxx-- Paolo Bonzinixxxxxxxx
Processors don't get better so that they can have more free time.xxxxxxxxProcessors get better so _you_ can have more free time.xxxxxxxx-- LeCamarade (freeshells.ch)xxxxxxxx
The venerable master Qc Na was walking with his student, Anton.  Hoping toxxxxxxxxprompt the master into a discussion, Anton said "Master, I have heard thatxxxxxxxxobjects are a very good thing - is this true?"  Qc Na looked pityingly atxxxxxxxxhis student and replied, "Foolish pupil - objects are merely a poor man'sxxxxxxxxclosures."xxxxxxxxChastised, Anton took his leave from his master and returned to his cell,xxxxxxxxintent on studying closures.  He carefully read the entire "Lambda: ThexxxxxxxxUltimate..." series of papers and its cousins, and implemented a smallxxxxxxxxScheme interpreter with a closure-based object system.  He learned much, andxxxxxxxxlooked forward to informing his master of his progress.xxxxxxxxOn his next walk with Qc Na, Anton attempted to impress his master byxxxxxxxxsaying "Master, I have diligently studied the matter, and now understandxxxxxxxxthat objects are truly a poor man's closures."  Qc Na responded by hittingxxxxxxxxAnton with his stick, saying "When will you learn? Closures are a poor man'sxxxxxxxxobject."  At that moment, Anton became enlightened.xxxxxxxx-- Anton van Straaten (Na = Norman Adams, Qa = Christian Queinnec)xxxxxxxx
Understanding why C++ is the way it is helps a programmer use it well. A deepxxxxxxxxunderstanding of a tool is essential for an expert craftsman.xxxxxxxx-- Bjarne Stroustrapxxxxxxxx
No art, however minor, demands less than total dedication if you want toxxxxxxxxexcel in it.xxxxxxxx-- Albertixxxxxxxx
The minute you put the blame on someone else you’ve switch things fromxxxxxxxxbeing a problem you can control to a problem outside of your control.xxxxxxxx-- engtech (internetducttape.com)xxxxxxxx
State is the root of all evil. In particular functions with side effectsxxxxxxxxshould be avoided.xxxxxxxx-- OO Sucks (bluetail.com)xxxxxxxx
Ils ne sont pas forts parce qu'ils sont forts. Ils sont forts parce quexxxxxxxxnous sommes faibles.xxxxxxxx-- Ragala Khalidxxxxxxxx
It is better to be quiet and thought a fool than to open your mouth andxxxxxxxxremove all doubt.xxxxxxxx-- WikiHowxxxxxxxx
A tail call allows a function to return the result of another functionxxxxxxxxwithout leaving an entry on the stack. Tail recursion is a specific casexxxxxxxxof tail calling.xxxxxxxx-- ASPN : Python Cookbook : Explicit Tail Callxxxxxxxx
Simplicity means the achievement of maximum effect with minimum means.xxxxxxxx-- Dr. Koichi Kawanaxxxxxxxx
Normality is the route to nowhere.xxxxxxxx-- Ridderstrale & Nordstorm, Funky Businessxxxxxxxx
The problem is that Microsoft just has no taste. And I don't mean thatxxxxxxxxin a small way, I mean that in a big way.xxxxxxxx-- Steve Jobsxxxxxxxx
Do you want to sell sugared water all your life or do you want to changexxxxxxxxthe world?xxxxxxxx-- Steve Jobs, to John Sculley (former Pepsi executive)xxxxxxxx
1 - Creativity and innovation always build on the past.xxxxxxxx2 - The past always tries to control the creativity that builds on it.xxxxxxxx3 - Free societies enable the future by limiting the past.xxxxxxxx4 - Ours is less and less a free society.xxxxxxxx-- Lawrence Lessig, Free Culture.xxxxxxxx
Good work is no done by ‘humble’ men.xxxxxxxx-- H. Hardy, A mathematician's apology.xxxxxxxx
Simplicity and pragmatism beat complexity and theory any day.xxxxxxxx-- Dennis (blog comment)xxxxxxxx
The proof is by reductio ad absurdum, and reductio ad absurdum, whichxxxxxxxxEuclid loved so much, is one of a mathematician’s finest weapons. It isxxxxxxxxa far finer gambit than any chess gambit: a chess player may offer thexxxxxxxxsacrifice of a pawn or even a piece, but a mathematician offers thexxxxxxxxgame.xxxxxxxx-- G. H. Hardyxxxxxxxx
Remember, always be yourself ... unless you suck!xxxxxxxx-- Joss Whedonxxxxxxxx
All great things require great dedication.xxxxxxxx-- Chuck Norris(?)xxxxxxxx
I'm always happy to trade performance for readability as long as thexxxxxxxxformer isn't already scarce.xxxxxxxx-- Crayz (Commentor on blog.raganwald.com)xxxxxxxx
You have to write for your audience. I would never write (1..5).mapxxxxxxxx&'*2' in Java when I could writexxxxxxxxListFactoryFactory.getListFactoryFromResource(xxxxxxxxnew ResourceName('com.javax.magnitudes.integers').xxxxxxxxsetLowerBound(1).setUpperBound(5).setStep(1).applyFunctor(xxxxxxxxnew Functor () { public void eval (x) { return x * 2; } }))xxxxxxxxI'm simplifying, of course, I've left out the security and loggingxxxxxxxxwrappers.xxxxxxxx-- Reginald Braithwaitxxxxxxxx
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over againxxxxxxxxand expecting different results.xxxxxxxx-- Benjamin Franklinxxxxxxxx
A no uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a yes merelyxxxxxxxxuttered to please or what is worse, to avoid trouble.xxxxxxxx-- Mahatma Gandhixxxxxxxx
I think it is wise, and only honest, to warn you that my goal isxxxxxxxximmodest. It is not my purpose to "transfer knowledge" to you that,xxxxxxxxsubsequently, you can forget again. My purpose is no less than toxxxxxxxxeffectuate in each of you a noticeable, irreversable change. I want youxxxxxxxxto gain, for the rest of your lives, the insight that beautiful proofsxxxxxxxxare not "found" by trial anf error but are the result of a consciouslyxxxxxxxxapplied design discipline. I want you to raise your quality standards. Ixxxxxxxxmean, if 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick andxxxxxxxxdirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders andxxxxxxxxsay to yourself "Dijkstra would not have liked this", well, that wouldxxxxxxxxbe enough immortality for me.xxxxxxxx-- E. W. Dijkstraxxxxxxxx
The general principle for complexity design is this: Think locally, actxxxxxxxxlocally.xxxxxxxx-- Richard P. Gabriel & Ron Goldman, Mob Software: The Erotic Life of Codexxxxxxxx
Programming is the art of figuring out what you want so precisely thatxxxxxxxxeven a machine can do it.xxxxxxxx-- Some guy who isn't famousxxxxxxxx
Hence my urgent advice to all of you to reject the morals of thexxxxxxxxbestseller society and to find, to start with, your reward in your ownxxxxxxxxfun. This is quite feasible, for the challenge of simplification is soxxxxxxxxfascinating that, if we do our job properly, we shall have the greatestxxxxxxxxfun in the world.xxxxxxxx-- E. W. Dijkstra, On the nature of computing science.xxxxxxxx
Remember: you are alone. Every time you can get help from someone,xxxxxxxxit is an opportunity: you should eagerly size it. But then, promptlyxxxxxxxxreturn to normal mode: you are alone and you must be prepared to solvexxxxxxxxevery problem yourself.xxxxxxxx-- Eric KEDJIxxxxxxxx
Making All Software Into Tools Reduces Risk.xxxxxxxx-- smoothspan.comxxxxxxxx
Some may say Ruby is a bad rip-off of Lisp or Smalltalk, and I admitxxxxxxxxthat. But it is nicer to ordinary people.xxxxxxxx-- Matz, LL2xxxxxxxx
C and Lisp stand at opposite ends of the spectrum; they're each great atxxxxxxxxwhat the other one sucks at.xxxxxxxx-- Steve Yegge, Tour de Babel.xxxxxxxx
Two people should stay together if together they are better people thanxxxxxxxxthey would be individually.xxxxxxxx-- ?xxxxxxxx
To the optimist, the glass is half full. To the pessimist, the glass isxxxxxxxxhalf empty. To the engineer, the glass is twice as big as it needs toxxxxxxxxbe.xxxxxxxx-- author unknown (quoted in `Robust Systems', Gerald Jay Suseman)xxxxxxxx
It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students thatxxxxxxxxhave had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they arexxxxxxxxmentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.xxxxxxxx-- Edsger Dijkstraxxxxxxxx
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.xxxxxxxx-- Earl of Chesterfieldxxxxxxxx
Rules of Optimization:xxxxxxxxRule 1: Don’t do it.xxxxxxxxRule 2 (for experts only): Don’t do it yet.xxxxxxxx-- M.A. Jacksonxxxxxxxx
More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (withoutxxxxxxxxnecessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - includingxxxxxxxxblind stupidity.xxxxxxxx-- W.A. Wulfxxxxxxxx
We should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time:xxxxxxxxpremature optimization is the root of all evil.xxxxxxxx-- Donald Knuthxxxxxxxx
The best is the enemy of the good.xxxxxxxx-- Voltairexxxxxxxx
The job of a leader today is not to create followers. It’s to createxxxxxxxxmore leaders.xxxxxxxx-- Ralph Naderxxxxxxxx
The president was visiting NASA headquarters and stopped to talk to axxxxxxxxman who was holding a mop. “And what do you do?” he asked. The man, axxxxxxxxjanitor, replied, “I’m helping to put a man on the moon, sir.”xxxxxxxx-- The little book of leadershipxxxxxxxx
Only make new mistakes.xxxxxxxx-- Phil Douradoxxxxxxxx
You can recognize truth by its beauty and simplicity. When you get itxxxxxxxxright, it is obvious that it is right.xxxxxxxx-- Richard Feynmanxxxxxxxx
Talkers are no good doers.xxxxxxxx-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"xxxxxxxx
Photography is painting with light.xxxxxxxx-- Eric Hamiltonxxxxxxxx
Good artists copy. Great artists steal.xxxxxxxx-- Pablo Picassoxxxxxxxx
A guideline in the process of stepwise refinement should be thexxxxxxxxprinciple to decompose decisions as much as possible, to untanglexxxxxxxxaspects which are only seemingly interdependent, and to defer thosexxxxxxxxdecisions which concern details of representation as long as possible.xxxxxxxx-- Niklaus Wirthxxxxxxxx
Vigorous writing is concise. A sentence should contain no unnecessaryxxxxxxxxwords, a paragraph no unnecessary sentences, for the same reason that axxxxxxxxdrawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessaryxxxxxxxxparts. This requires not that the writer make all sentences short orxxxxxxxxavoid all detail and treat subjects only in outline, but that every wordxxxxxxxxtell.xxxxxxxx-- William Strunk, Jr. (The Elements of Style)xxxxxxxx
The problem is that small examples fail to convince, and large examplesxxxxxxxxare too big to follow.xxxxxxxx-- Steve Yegge.xxxxxxxx
We are the sum of our behaviours; excellence therefore is not an act butxxxxxxxxa habit.xxxxxxxx-- Aristotle.xxxxxxxx
The purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a newxxxxxxxxsemantic level in which one can be absolutely precise.xxxxxxxx-- Edsger Dijkstraxxxxxxxx
Every man prefers belief to the exercise of judgment.xxxxxxxx-- Senecaxxxxxxxx
It’s hard to grasp abstractions if you don’t understand what they’rexxxxxxxxabstracting away from.xxxxxxxx-- Nathan Weizenbaumxxxxxxxx
That is one of the most distinctive differences between school and thexxxxxxxxreal world: there is no reward for putting in a good effort. In fact,xxxxxxxxthe whole concept of a "good effort" is a fake idea adults invented toxxxxxxxxencourage kids. It is not found in nature.xxxxxxxx-- Paul Grahamxxxxxxxx
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.xxxxxxxx-- Thomas Jeffersonxxxxxxxx
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.xxxxxxxx-- George Burnsxxxxxxxx
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.xxxxxxxx-- Mario Andrettixxxxxxxx
Chance favors the prepared mind.xxxxxxxx-- Louis Pasteurxxxxxxxx
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming.xxxxxxxx-- Brian Kerniganxxxxxxxx
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to bexxxxxxxxsimple.xxxxxxxx-- Grady Boochxxxxxxxx
Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and betterxxxxxxxxidiot-proof programs, while the Universe is trying to create bigger andxxxxxxxxbetter idiots.  So far the Universe is winning.xxxxxxxx-- Rich Cookxxxxxxxx
A hacker on a roll may be able to produce–in a period of a fewxxxxxxxxmonths–something that a small development group (say, 7-8 people) wouldxxxxxxxxhave a hard time getting together over a year.  IBM used to report thatxxxxxxxxcertain programmers might be as much as 100 times as productive as otherxxxxxxxxworkers, or more.xxxxxxxx-- Peter Seebachxxxxxxxx
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones.xxxxxxxxThey are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard:xxxxxxxxconceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solvingxxxxxxxxability.xxxxxxxx-- Randall E. Strossxxxxxxxx
A great lathe operator commands several times the wage of an averagexxxxxxxxlathe operator, but a great writer of software code is worth 10,000xxxxxxxxtimes the price of an average software writer.xxxxxxxx-- Bill Gatesxxxxxxxx
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuringxxxxxxxxaircraft building progress by weight.xxxxxxxx-- Bill Gatesxxxxxxxx
First learn computer science and all the theory.  Next develop axxxxxxxxprogramming style.  Then forget all that and just hack.xxxxxxxx-- George Carrettexxxxxxxx
To iterate is human, to recurse divine.xxxxxxxx-- L. Peter Deutschxxxxxxxx
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are onlyxxxxxxxxoff by a bit.xxxxxxxx-- Anonymousxxxxxxxx
Should array indices start at 0 or 1?  My compromise of 0.5 was rejectedxxxxxxxxwithout, I thought, proper consideration.xxxxxxxx-- Stan Kelly-Bootlexxxxxxxx
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore bexxxxxxxxregarded as a criminal offense.xxxxxxxx-- E.W. Dijkstraxxxxxxxx
It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to studentsxxxxxxxxthat have had prior exposure to BASIC.  As potential programmers, theyxxxxxxxxare mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.xxxxxxxx-- E. W. Dijkstraxxxxxxxx
One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that–lackingxxxxxxxxzero–they had no way to indicate successful termination of their Cxxxxxxxxprograms.xxxxxxxx-- Robert Firthxxxxxxxx
Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like sayingxxxxxxxxthat anal sex is nice because it works on all genders.xxxxxxxx-- Alannaxxxxxxxx
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would deletexxxxxxxxthemselves upon execution.xxxxxxxx-- Robert Sewellxxxxxxxx
Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free.xxxxxxxx-- Linus Torvaldsxxxxxxxx
Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more monthsxxxxxxxxmight as well have been written by someone else.xxxxxxxx-- Eagleson’s Lawxxxxxxxx
Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having toxxxxxxxxthink out every case.xxxxxxxx-- Francis Glassborowxxxxxxxx
Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, softwarexxxxxxxxdevelopment is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called anxxxxxxxxengineering discipline.xxxxxxxx-- Bill Clintonxxxxxxxx
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must bexxxxxxxxthe process of putting them in.xxxxxxxx-- Edsger W. Dijkstraxxxxxxxx
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be axxxxxxxxviolent psychopath who knows where you live.xxxxxxxx-- Martin Goldingxxxxxxxx
Everything that can be invented has been invented.xxxxxxxx-- Charles H. Duell, Commissioner, U.S. Office of Patents, 1899xxxxxxxx
I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers.xxxxxxxx-- Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948xxxxxxxx
It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possiblexxxxxxxxto achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful withxxxxxxxxsuch statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years. xxxxxxxx-- John Von Neumann, circa 1949xxxxxxxx
But what is it good for?xxxxxxxx-- Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM,xxxxxxxxcommenting on the microchip, 1968xxxxxxxx
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.xxxxxxxx-- Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977xxxxxxxx
640K ought to be enough for anybody.xxxxxxxx-- Bill Gates, 1981xxxxxxxx
Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than anyxxxxxxxxapplication will ever need.xxxxxxxx-- Microsoft, on the development of Windows NT, 1992xxxxxxxx
We will never become a truly paper-less society until the Palm Pilotxxxxxxxxfolks come out with WipeMe 1.0.xxxxxxxx-- Andy Piersonxxxxxxxx
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-buttonxxxxxxxxfinger.xxxxxxxx-- Frank Lloyd Wrightxxxxxxxx
Functional programming is like describing your problem to axxxxxxxxmathematician.  Imperative programming is like giving instructions toxxxxxxxxan idiot.xxxxxxxx-- arcus, #scheme on Freenodexxxxxxxx
Its a shame that the students of our generation grew up with windows andxxxxxxxxmice because that tainted our mindset not to think in terms of powerfulxxxxxxxxtools. Some of us are just so tainted that we will never recover.xxxxxxxx-- Jeffrey Mark Siskind <qobi@research.nj.nec.com> in comp.lang.lispxxxxxxxx
Lisp is a programmable programming language.xxxxxxxx-- John Foderaroxxxxxxxx
I guess, when you're drunk, every woman looks beautiful and everyxxxxxxxxlanguage looks (like) a Lisp :)xxxxxxxx-- Lament, #scheme@freenode.netxxxxxxxx
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close theyxxxxxxxxwere to success when they gave up.xxxxxxxx-- Thomas Edisonxxxxxxxx
You must always work not just within but below your means. If you canxxxxxxxxhandle three elements, handle only two. If you can handle ten, thenxxxxxxxxhandle five. In that way the ones you do handle, you handle with morexxxxxxxxease, more mastery and you create a feeling of strength in reserve.xxxxxxxx-- Pablo Picassoxxxxxxxx
When you’ve got the code all ripped apart, it’s like a car that’s allxxxxxxxxdisassembled. You’ve got all the parts tying all over your garage andxxxxxxxxyou have to replace the broken part or the car will never run. It’s notxxxxxxxxfun until the code gets back to the baseline again.xxxxxxxx-- Gary Kildall (inventor of CP/M, one of the first OS for the micro).xxxxxxxx

Well, if you talk about programming to a group of programmers who usexxxxxxxxthe same language, they can become almost evangelistic about thexxxxxxxxlanguage. They form a tight-knit community, hold to certain beliefs, andxxxxxxxxfollow certain rules in their programming. It’s like a church with axxxxxxxxprogramming language for a Bible.xxxxxxxx-- Gary Kildall (inventor of CP/M, one of the first OS for the micro).xxxxxxxx
It’s a problem if the design doesn’t let you add features at a laterxxxxxxxxdate. If you have to redo a program, the hours you spend can cause youxxxxxxxxto lose your competitive edge. A flexible program demonstrates thexxxxxxxxdifference between a good designer and someone who is just getting axxxxxxxxpiece of code out.xxxxxxxx-- Gary Kildall (inventor of CP/M, one of the first OS for the micro).xxxxxxxx
[How friendly will this machine be?] Well, I don’t think it’s a matterxxxxxxxxof friendliness, because ultimately if the program is going toxxxxxxxxaccomplish anything of value, it will probably be relatively complex.xxxxxxxx-- Gary Kildall (inventor of CP/M, one of the first OS for the micro).xxxxxxxx
Some people suggest that machines would be friendlier if input could bexxxxxxxxin a natural language. But natural language is probably the worst kindxxxxxxxxof input because it can be quite ambiguous. The process of retrievingxxxxxxxxinformation from the computer would be so time-consuming that you wouldxxxxxxxxbe better off spending that time getting the information directly fromxxxxxxxxan expert.xxxxxxxx-- Gary Kildall (inventor of CP/M, one of the first OS for the micro).xxxxxxxx
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture axxxxxxxxlittle way past them into the impossible.xxxxxxxx-- Arthur C. Clarkexxxxxxxx
Any sufficiently advanced technology is undistinguishable from magic.xxxxxxxx-- Arthur C. Clarkexxxxxxxx
That is the inevitable human response. We’re reluctant to believe thatxxxxxxxxgreat discoveries are in the air. We want to believe that greatxxxxxxxxdiscoveries are in our heads—and to each party in the multiple thexxxxxxxxpresence of the other party is invariably cause for suspicion.xxxxxxxx-- Malcolm Gladwell, Who says big ideas are rare? xxxxxxxx
Good ideas are out there for anyone with the wit and the will to findxxxxxxxxthem.xxxxxxxx-- Malcolm Gladwell, Who says big ideas are rare?xxxxxxxx
A person won't become proficient at something until he or she has donexxxxxxxxit many times. In other words., if you want someone to be really good atxxxxxxxxbuilding a software system, he or she will have to have built 10 or morexxxxxxxxsystems of that type.xxxxxxxx-- Philip Greenspunxxxxxxxx
A person won't retain proficiency at a task unless he or she has at onexxxxxxxxtime learned to perform that task very rapidly. Learning researchxxxxxxxxdemonstrates that the skills of people who become accurate but not fastxxxxxxxxdeteriorate much sooner than the skills of people who become bothxxxxxxxxaccurate and fast.xxxxxxxx-- Philip Greenspunxxxxxxxx
Training research shows that if you get speed now you can get qualityxxxxxxxxlater. But if you don't get speed you will never get quality in the longxxxxxxxxrun.xxxxxxxx-- Philip Greenspunxxxxxxxx
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, notxxxxxxxxtried it.xxxxxxxx-- Donald Knuthxxxxxxxx
Wear your best for your execution and stand dignified. Your lastxxxxxxxxrecourse against randomness is how you act — if you can’t controlxxxxxxxxoutcomes, you can control the elegance of your behaviour. You willxxxxxxxxalways have the last word.xxxxxxxx-- Nassim Talebxxxxxxxx
The human brain starts working the moment you are born and never stopsxxxxxxxxuntil you stand up to speak in public.xxxxxxxx-- Anonymousxxxxxxxx
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are always cocksure andxxxxxxxxthe intelligent are always filled with doubt.xxxxxxxx-- Bertrand Russellxxxxxxxx
Simple, clear purpose and principles give rise to complex, intelligentxxxxxxxxbehavior. Complex rules and regulations give rise to simple, stupidxxxxxxxxbehavior.xxxxxxxx-- Dee Hock, Birth of the Chaordic Agexxxxxxxx
C++ is like teenage sex: Everybody is talking about it all the time,xxxxxxxxonly few are really doing it.xxxxxxxx-- unknownxxxxxxxx
Functional programming is to algorithms as the ubiquitous little blackxxxxxxxxdress is to women's fashion.xxxxxxxx-- Mark Tarver (of "The bipolar Lisp programmer" fame)xxxxxxxx
Java and C++ make you think that the new ideas are like the old ones.xxxxxxxxJava is the most distressing thing to hit computing since MS-DOS.xxxxxxxx-- Alan Kayxxxxxxxx
For complex systems, the compiler and development environment need to bexxxxxxxxin the same language that its supporting. It's the only way to growxxxxxxxxcode.xxxxxxxx-- Alan Kayxxxxxxxx
Simple things should be simple. Complex things should be possible.xxxxxxxx-- Alan Kayxxxxxxxx
I invented the term Object-Oriented, and I can tell you I did not havexxxxxxxxC++ in mind.xxxxxxxx-- Alan Kayxxxxxxxx
All creativity is an extended form of a joke.xxxxxxxx-- Alan Kayxxxxxxxx
If you don't fail at least 90 percent of the time, you're not aimingxxxxxxxxhigh enough.xxxxxxxx-- Alan Kayxxxxxxxx
Revolutions come from standing on the shoulders of giants and facing inxxxxxxxxa better direction.xxxxxxxx-- Alan Kayxxxxxxxx
Ce n’est que par les beaux sentiments qu’on parvient à la fortune !xxxxxxxx-- Charles Baudelaire, Conseils aux jeunes littérateurs.xxxxxxxx
La haine est une liqueur précieuse, un poison plus cher que celui desxxxxxxxxBorgia, - car il est fait avec notre sang, notre santé, notre sommeil,xxxxxxxxet les deux tiers de notre amour! Il faut en être avare!xxxxxxxx-- Charles Baudelaire, Conseils aux jeunes littérateurs.xxxxxxxx
L’art qui satisfait le besoin le plus impérieux sera toujours le plusxxxxxxxxhonoré.xxxxxxxx-- Charles Baudelaire, Conseils aux jeunes littérateurs.xxxxxxxx
If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, it'sxxxxxxxxa duck.xxxxxxxx-- Official definition of "duck typing"xxxxxxxx
In OO, it's the data that is the "important" thing: you define the classxxxxxxxxwhich contains member data, and only incidentally contains code forxxxxxxxxmanipulating the object. In FP, it's the code that's important: youxxxxxxxxdefine a function which contains code for working with the data, andxxxxxxxxonly incidentally define what the data is.xxxxxxxx-- almkgor, on redditxxxxxxxx
Des mots simples, quand ils sont bien utilisés, font faire à des gensxxxxxxxxordinaires des choses extraordinaires.xxxxxxxx-- Khaled TANGAOxxxxxxxx
It was Edison who said ‘1% inspiration, 99% perspiration’. That may havexxxxxxxxbeen true a hundred years ago. These days it's ‘0.01% inspiration,xxxxxxxx99.99% perspiration’, and the inspiration is the easy part.xxxxxxxx-- Linux Torvaldsxxxxxxxx
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a wayxxxxxxxxthat will allow a solution.xxxxxxxx-- Bertrand Russellxxxxxxxx
No matter how much you plan you’re likely to get half wrong anyway. Soxxxxxxxxdon’t do the ‘paralysis through analysis’ thing. That only slowsxxxxxxxxprogress and saps morale.xxxxxxxx-- 37 Signal, Getting realxxxxxxxx
[Innovation] comes from saying no to 1,000 things to make sure we don’txxxxxxxxget on the wrong track or try to do too much. We’re always thinkingxxxxxxxxabout new markets we could enter, but it’s only by saying no that youxxxxxxxxcan concentrate on the things that are really important.xxxxxxxx-- Steve Jobsxxxxxxxx
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that thexxxxxxxxnecessary may speak.xxxxxxxx-- Hans Hofmannxxxxxxxx
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at thexxxxxxxxresults.xxxxxxxx-- Winston Churchillxxxxxxxx
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.xxxxxxxx-- Thomas Edisonxxxxxxxx
I’d rather write programs to write programs than write programs.xxxxxxxx-- Richard Sitesxxxxxxxx
Heureux l'étudiant qui comme la Rivière peut suivre son cours sansxxxxxxxxquitter son lit...xxxxxxxx-- Sebastien, sur commentcamarche.netxxxxxxxx
Side projects are less masturbatory than reading RSS, often morexxxxxxxxuseful than MobileMe, more educational than the comments on Reddit,xxxxxxxxand usually more fun than listening to keynotes.xxxxxxxx-- Chris Wanstrathxxxxxxxx
:nunmap can also be used outside of a monastery.xxxxxxxx-- Vim user manualxxxxxxxx
I had to learn how to teach less, so that more could be learned.xxxxxxxx-- Tim Gallwey, The inner game of workxxxxxxxx
Workers of the world, the chains that bind you are not held in place byxxxxxxxxa ruling class, a "superior" race, by society, the state, or a leader.xxxxxxxxThey are held in place by none other than yourself. Those who seek toxxxxxxxxexploit are not themselves free, for they place no value in freedom. Whoxxxxxxxxis it that really employs you and commands you to pick up your dailyxxxxxxxxload? And who is it that you allow to pass judgment on the adequacy ofxxxxxxxxyour toil? Who have you empowered to dangle the carrot before you andxxxxxxxxthreaten with disapproval? Who, when you wake each morning, sends youxxxxxxxxoff to what you call your work?xxxxxxxxIs there an "I want to" behind all your "I have to," or have you been soxxxxxxxxlong forgotten to yourself that "I want" exists only as an idea in yourxxxxxxxxhead? If you have disconnected from your soul's desire and are drowningxxxxxxxxin an ocean of "have to," then rise up and overthrow your master. Beginxxxxxxxxthe journey toward emancipation.  Work only in such a way that you arexxxxxxxxtruly self-employed.xxxxxxxx-- Tim Gallwey, The inner game of workxxxxxxxx
The Work Begins Anew, The Hope Rises Again, And The Dream Lives On.xxxxxxxx-- Ted Kennedyxxxxxxxx
The hardest part of design ... is keeping features out.xxxxxxxx-- Donald Norman xxxxxxxx
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable.xxxxxxxx-- Ralph Johnson xxxxxxxx
The opposite of love is not hate, it is indifference.xxxxxxxx-- Elie Wieselxxxxxxxx
- Gbi de ferxxxxxxxx- Howa!xxxxxxxx- On va en Francexxxxxxxx- Non, je vais pas!xxxxxxxx- Pourquoi?xxxxxxxx- Parce ki y a pas agouti là-bas!xxxxxxxx-- Gbi de ferxxxxxxxx
Ecoute, crois en ton projet... Implique toi à fond... Trouve des aspectsxxxxxxxxinnovants pour te distinguer des autres. Tu verras que tu te ferasxxxxxxxxremarquer très facilement...xxxxxxxx-- Khaled Tangaoxxxxxxxx
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.xxxxxxxx-- Colin Powellxxxxxxxx
Be the change you want to see in the world.xxxxxxxx-- Mahatma Gandhixxxxxxxx
The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because hexxxxxxxxwants to do it [Leadership].xxxxxxxx-- Dwight D. Enseinhover.xxxxxxxx
No one is all evil. Everybody has a good side. If you keep waiting, itxxxxxxxxwill comme up.xxxxxxxx-- Randy Pauschxxxxxxxx
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want.xxxxxxxx-- Cited by Randy Pauschxxxxxxxx
Luck is where preparation meets opportunity.xxxxxxxx-- Randy Pauschxxxxxxxx
Bonne bosse et reste le boss.xxxxxxxx-- Darryl Amedonxxxxxxxx
The greatest of all weaknesses is the fear of appearing weak.xxxxxxxx-- J. B. Bossuet, Politics from Holy Writ, 1709xxxxxxxx
It's easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission.xxxxxxxx-- Rear Admiral Dr. Grace Hopperxxxxxxxx
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.xxxxxxxx-- Benjamin Franklinxxxxxxxx
Natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are objects of scorn toxxxxxxxxsmart Americans who blow horns to break up traffic jams.xxxxxxxx-- Mary Ellen Kellyxxxxxxxx
A CS professor once explained recursion as follows:xxxxxxxxA child couldn't sleep, so her mother told her a story about a little frog,xxxxxxxxwho couldn't sleep, so the frog's mother told her a story about a little bear,xxxxxxxxwho couldn't sleep, so the bear's mother told her a story about a little weasel...xxxxxxxxwho fell asleep.xxxxxxxx...and the little bear fell asleep;xxxxxxxx...and the little frog fell asleep;xxxxxxxx...and the child fell asleep.xxxxxxxx-- everything2.comxxxxxxxx
Never do the impossible. People will expect you to do it forever after.xxxxxxxx-- pigsandfishes.comxxxxxxxx
Hire people smarter than you.  Work with people smarter than you.xxxxxxxxListen to them. Let them lead you. Take the blame for all failures,xxxxxxxxgive away the credit for all successes.xxxxxxxx-- How to fail: 25 secrets learned through failurexxxxxxxx
Give up control. You never really had it anyway.xxxxxxxx-- How to fail: 25 secrets learned through failurexxxxxxxx
Ne te mets pas de limite, la vie se chargera de la mettre a ta place.xxxxxxxx-- Darryl AMEDONxxxxxxxx
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity. And I'm not soxxxxxxxxsure about the former.xxxxxxxx-- Albert Einsteinxxxxxxxx
The important thing is not to stop questioning.xxxxxxxx-- Albert Einsteinxxxxxxxx
Do not accept anything because it comes from the mouth of a respected person.xxxxxxxx-- Buddhaxxxxxxxx
Work as intensely as you play and play as intensely as you work.xxxxxxxx-- Eric S. Raymond, How To Be A Hackerxxxxxxxx
A witty saying proves nothingxxxxxxxx-- Voltairexxxxxxxx
Sound methodology can empower and liberate the creative mind; it cannot inflamexxxxxxxxor inspire the drudge.xxxxxxxx-- Frederick P. Brooks, No Sliver Bullet.xxxxxxxx
La connaissance d'un défaut ne l'enlève pas, elle nous torture jusqu'à saxxxxxxxxcorrection.xxxxxxxx-- Daniel Lovewin (Guillaume Kpotufe)xxxxxxxx
Je crois au flooding.xxxxxxxx-- Karim BAINA (en parlant du dailogue avec les administrations)xxxxxxxx
Il y a très loin de la velléité à la volnt, de la volonté à la résolution, de laxxxxxxxxrésolution au choix des moyens, du choix ds moyens à lapplication.xxxxxxxx-- Jean-François Paul de Gondi de Retzxxxxxxxx
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that whatxxxxxxxxyou now have was once among the things only hoped for.xxxxxxxx-- Greek philosopher Epicurusxxxxxxxx
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent.xxxxxxxx-- Eleanor Rooseveltxxxxxxxx
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.xxxxxxxx-- Mark Twainxxxxxxxx
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finallyxxxxxxxxbetter than your dreams.xxxxxxxx-- Dr. Seussxxxxxxxx
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.xxxxxxxx-- Elie Wieselxxxxxxxx
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.xxxxxxxx-- John Lennonxxxxxxxx
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause andxxxxxxxxreflect.xxxxxxxx-- Mark Twainxxxxxxxx
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something elsexxxxxxxxis the greatest accomplishment.xxxxxxxx-- Ralph Waldo Emersonxxxxxxxx
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.xxxxxxxx-- Friedrich Nietzschexxxxxxxx
In terms of energy, it's better to make a wrong choice than none at all.xxxxxxxx-- George Leonard, Mastery.xxxxxxxx
Courage is grace under pressure.xxxxxxxx-- Ernest Hemingwayxxxxxxxx
Actually, the essence of boredom is to be found in the obsessive search forxxxxxxxxnovelty. Satisfaction lies in mindful repetition, the discovery of endlessxxxxxxxxrichness in subtle variations on familiar themes.xxxxxxxx-- George Leonard, Mastery.xxxxxxxx
Before enlightenment, chop wood and carry water.xxxxxxxxAfter enlightenment, chop wood and carry water.xxxxxxxx-- Ancient Eastern adagexxxxxxxx
Acknowledging the negative doesn't mean sniveling [whining, complaining]; itxxxxxxxxmeans facing the truth and then moving on.xxxxxxxx-- George Leonard, Mastery.xxxxxxxx
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, andxxxxxxxxmagic in it.xxxxxxxx-- Goethexxxxxxxx
What we choose to fight is so tiny!xxxxxxxxWhat fights us is so great!xxxxxxxx...xxxxxxxxWhen we win it's with small things,xxxxxxxxand the triumph itself makes us small.xxxxxxxx...xxxxxxxxWinning does not tempt that man.xxxxxxxxThis is how he grows: by being defeated, decisively,xxxxxxxxby constantly greater beings. xxxxxxxx-- Rainer Maria Rilke, The Man Watching.xxxxxxxx
We fail to realize that mastery is not about perfection. It's about a process,xxxxxxxxa journey. The master is the one who stays on the path day after day, year afterxxxxxxxxyear. The master is the one who is willing to try, and fail, and try again, forxxxxxxxxas long as he or she lives.xxxxxxxx-- George Leonard, Mastery.xxxxxxxx
Are you willing to wear your white belt?xxxxxxxx-- George Leonard, Mastery.